xoxoxo xox ox ox oxox xoxo xox ox ox xox ox xox  xxoxoxoox xox ox xoxoxoox xo
xoxoxox oxox ox xox oxoxoxox oxxox oxox oxox ox xo xoxox ooxoxoxox ox oxox  ox
xoxox xoxox oxox oxoxox xox ox oox xoxox ox oxox ox ox oxoxox xo xoox xoxox
xoxox ox ox oxoxoxox oox ox oxoxoxoxoxox xo xoxoxoxox ox xoox xox oxox xoxox ox
xoxoxo xox ox ox oxox xoxo xox ox ox xox ox xox  xxoxoxoox xox ox xoxoxoox xo
xoxoxox oxox ox xox oxoxoxox oxxox oxox oxox ox xo xoxox ooxoxoxox ox oxox  ox
xoxox xoxox oxox oxoxox xox ox oox xoxox ox oxox ox ox oxoxox xo xoox xoxox
xoxox ox ox oxoxoxox oox ox oxoxoxoxoxox xo xoxoxoxox ox xoox xox oxox xoxox ox
xoxoxo xox ox ox oxox xoxo xox ox ox xox ox xox  xxoxoxoox xox ox xoxoxoox xo
xoxoxox oxox ox xox oxoxoxox oxxox oxox oxox ox xo xoxox ooxoxoxox ox oxox  ox
xoxox xoxox oxox oxoxox xox ox oox xoxox ox oxox ox ox oxoxox xo xoox xoxox
xoxox ox ox oxoxoxox oox ox oxoxoxoxoxox xo xoxoxoxox ox xoox xox oxox xoxox ox
xoxoxo xox ox ox oxox xoxo xox ox ox xox ox xox  xxoxoxoox xox ox xoxoxoox xo
xoxoxox oxox ox xox oxoxoxox oxxox oxox oxox ox xo xoxox ooxoxoxox ox oxox  ox
xoxox xoxox oxox oxoxox xox ox oox xoxox ox oxox ox ox oxoxox xo xoox xoxox
xoxox ox ox oxoxoxox oox ox oxoxoxoxoxox xo xoxoxoxox ox xoox xox oxox xoxox ox
xoxoxo xox ox ox oxox xoxo xox ox ox xox ox xox  xxoxoxoox xox ox xoxoxoox xo
xoxoxox oxox ox xox oxoxoxox oxxox oxox oxox ox xo xoxox ooxoxoxox ox oxox  ox
xoxox xoxox oxox oxoxox xox ox oox xoxox ox oxox ox ox oxoxox xo xoox xoxox
xoxox ox ox oxoxoxox oox ox oxoxoxoxoxox xo xoxoxoxox ox xoox xox oxox xoxox ox
xoxoxo xox ox ox oxox xoxo xox ox ox xox ox xox  xxoxoxoox xox ox xoxoxoox xo
xoxoxox oxox ox xox oxoxoxox oxxox oxox oxox ox xo xoxox ooxoxoxox ox oxox  ox
xoxox xoxox oxox oxoxox xox ox oox xoxox ox oxox ox ox oxoxox xo xoox xoxox
xoxox ox ox oxoxoxox oox ox oxoxoxoxoxox xo xoxoxoxox ox xoox xox oxox xoxox ox
xoxoxo xox ox ox oxox xoxo xox ox ox xox ox xox  xxoxoxoox xox ox xoxoxoox xo
xoxoxox oxox ox xox oxoxoxox oxxox oxox oxox ox xo xoxox ooxoxoxox ox oxox  ox
xoxox xoxox oxox oxoxox xox ox oox xoxox ox oxox ox ox oxoxox xo xoox xoxox
xoxox ox ox oxoxoxox oox ox oxoxoxoxoxox xo xoxoxoxox ox xoox xox oxox xoxox ox
xoxoxo xox ox ox oxox xoxo xox ox ox xox ox xox  xxoxoxoox xox ox xoxoxoox xo
xoxoxox oxox ox xox oxoxoxox oxxox oxox oxox ox xo xoxox ooxoxoxox ox oxox  ox
xoxox xoxox oxox oxoxox xox ox oox xoxox ox oxox ox ox oxoxox xo xoox xoxox
xoxox ox ox oxoxoxox oox ox oxoxoxoxoxox xo xoxoxoxox ox xoox xox oxox xoxox ox
xoxoxo xox ox ox oxox xoxo xox ox ox xox ox xox  xxoxoxoox xox ox xoxoxoox xo
xoxoxox oxox ox xox oxoxoxox oxxox oxox oxox ox xo xoxox ooxoxoxox ox oxox  ox
xoxox xoxox oxox oxoxox xox ox oox xoxox ox oxox ox ox oxoxox xo xoox xoxox
xoxox ox ox oxoxoxox oox ox oxoxoxoxoxox xo xoxoxoxox ox xoox xox oxox xoxox ox
xoxoxo xox ox ox oxox xoxo xox ox ox xox ox xox  xxoxoxoox xox ox xoxoxoox xo
xoxoxox oxox ox xox oxoxoxox oxxox oxox oxox ox xo xoxox ooxoxoxox ox oxox  ox
xoxox xoxox oxox oxoxox xox ox oox xoxox ox oxox ox ox oxoxox xo xoox xoxox
xoxox ox ox oxoxoxox oox ox oxoxoxoxoxox xo xoxoxoxox ox xoox xox oxox xoxox ox
